# CS-340-Client_Server-Development

1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

I write programs that follow the standard industry practices that make the codes maintainable, readable, and adaptable. Referring back to the CRUD Python Module that was used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two, there were a lot of advantages because the functions were versatile, making it easier to extend to other modules that can be used in the future. Furthermore, with the clear and descriptive variable names, the code's readability was enhanced, making analyzing and interpreting the values effortless. Identifying the variables means it will also be straightforward for their purpose and how each variable connects. Since the CRUD module is flexible and highly adaptive, it would be simple to reuse the program for other databases with similar operations. 

2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

As a computer scientist, the best way to approach a problem is by identifying what needs to be solved, determining the best methods to solve the problem, and consistent documentation. With a thorough understanding of the issue, a computer scientist can choose the specific needs of the database and the essential features and functionalities that need to be accomplished. Implementing continuous feedback helps to save time by avoiding duplicate testing and maintainability for future maintenance. Techniques and strategies that could be applied to future projects would be conducting interviews, emphasizing code modularity and maintainability, as well as staying informed of emerging technologies that would be useful for database management.

3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists have many responsibilities, such as designing, developing, and analyzing software and hardware. A computer scientist is essential because their service is to provide a solution to problems that focus on human components and computer science. Some examples of roles computer scientists play focus on communication, education, and entertainment. Being in the field of computer science benefits companies similar to Grazioso Salvare to do their work better by stressing the importance of data analysis and database management to make their company more efficient and productive. Without computer scientists, companies could lack an understanding of automation and acquire user-friendly interfaces that can improve and scale one's company.
